patch/guides (#270)
nodejs/i18n: guides/CROWDIN.md

# Crowdin

> Node.js localization effort uses [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com), an awesome platform for collaborative translation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Node.js localization effort uses [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com), an awesome platform for collaborative translation.
```

It's free for open source projects, and anyone who understands multiples languages is welcome to join, regardless of

> their technical experience or familiarity with the Node.js project. Below you'll find a quick review of main features that we are using in our process from Crowdin side. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
their technical experience or familiarity with the Node.js project. Below you'll find a quick review of Crowdin's main features that we are using in our process.
```

## Glossary

> We have a [CrowdIn Glossary](../crowdin-glossary.json) that contains terms which are noted as shared or translatable across the projects. If a term is missing, please add it by creating PR or let us know by a new issue! This glossary will automatically be used by CrowdIn to let translators more context about term.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a [Crowdin Glossary](../crowdin-glossary.json) that contains terms which are noted as shared or translatable across the projects. If a term is missing, please add it by creating a PR or let us know by opening a new issue! This glossary is used in the Crowdin translation UI to give translators more context about technical terms, some of which should not be translated from their original English form.
```
